README.md, before:

# SpreeHomepage

Introduction goes here.

## Installation

1. Add this extension to your Gemfile with this line:
  ```ruby
  gem 'spree_homepage', github: '[your-github-handle]/spree_homepage'
  ```

2. Install the gem using Bundler:
  ```ruby
  bundle install
  ```

3. Copy & run migrations
  ```ruby
  bundle exec rails g spree_homepage:install
  ```

4. Restart your server

  If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.

## Testing

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_homepage/factories'
```


## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute, please take a look at the
[instructions](CONTRIBUTING.md) for installing dependencies and crafting a good
pull request.

Copyright (c) 2019 [name of extension creator], released under the New BSD License

Commit message:

Add credentials step to README

README.md, after:

# SpreeHomepage

Introduction goes here.

## Installation

1. Add this extension to your Gemfile with this line:
  ```ruby
  gem 'spree_homepage', github: '[your-github-handle]/spree_homepage'
  ```

2. Install the gem using Bundler:
  ```ruby
  bundle install
  ```

3. Copy & run migrations
  ```ruby
  bundle exec rails g spree_homepage:install
  ```

5. Open config/credentials.yml.enc by running `EDITOR="nano" bin/rails credentials:edit` (change `EDITOR` if necessary) inside Spree. Insert the following credentials:

```
instagram_client_id: <client_id_here>
instagram_client_secret: <secret_here>
```

Running `bin/rails credentials:edit` will create an encrypted configuration file and place the key inside config/master.key (ignored by Git). In production, the key is provided using the `RAILS_MASTER_KEY` environment variable.

4. Restart your server

  If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.

## Testing

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_homepage/factories'
```


## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute, please take a look at the
[instructions](CONTRIBUTING.md) for installing dependencies and crafting a good
pull request.

Copyright (c) 2019 [name of extension creator], released under the New BSD License
